ref(doc): refactor documentation structure (#22680)
bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton: docs/README.md

## Local Development

### Docker environment approach

To run the docs in dev environments (likely BigBlueButton docker container) you'll run the following command:

```bash
./run-dev.sh
```

Now this command is going to start the server so you can access it.

### Develop branch details

> If you want to test the documentation as a whole, we suggest you to checkout to the `develop` branch. There you'll have the hability to build all the versionings we currently support (3.0, 2.7, 2.6 and 2.5-legacy).
> 
> If you are already into the `develop` branch, to run the docs you'll run the following command first outside of a docker-container (Previous to the `run-dev.sh`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to test the documentation as a whole, we suggest you to check out to the `develop` branch. There you'll have the ability to build all the versioning we currently support (3.0, 2.7, 2.6 and 2.5-legacy).

If you are already into the `develop` branch, to run the docs you'll run the following command first outside a docker-container (Previous to the `run-dev.sh`):
```
